speaking seriously speaking now
I think the question that every fan of the nautical is going well
you have nautical regret due to everything that happened recently now
Make the seeds and right
you said that
I am happy with their decision or
I do not think there was
there was no consistency
in the way that
that dealt with why I verified that the staff wanted to stop me
in characterize say who goes to the game the time that goes to sony
jokes about God, give me strength
I'll keep running
in the heat
every time the nautico takes pride in saying that until today
until the present terrible moment
dollar parallel to the place where the lowest was 500 reais
so I see every time that they called me to work
never took more than two minutes a meeting
understood
So this innovation
there was no coherence on the part of the
two directors
but it's okay, everyone has their way of thinking about doing football if
It's right or wrong that morning.
hehehe to live life following as told hu
the director of the santa cruz game
in the steering room
negotiable this course issue has cc I speak with the present
Under pressure, I said my word.
never if he wanted to go back would not return
now clear on the conditions that they push and for me it came to loures
were
in total 23 hours
Give it to a guy who did what he did in nautical
because I usually say that while we got here it's very easy to play
in the nautical it is a paradise
When we got there, even the songs will be called by the name.
we that this group of the canopy izaque barbosa that continue until today
I do not know if at some point
I had nothing and today is law no. 9 everyone understands
understands of player understands if this or that game soccer
if it has potential does not
not so far I particularly did not feel does not affect happy but okay
do not worry
woo important when you get home
and when the report when I slept my conscience is quiet
prefer knowing how to be grateful to the supporter and much less to the club
when approaching the vehicle above 38
you take over and
a car in nautical victory over his state of health is good
would you renew with the club for 2010
the apra is closed
registered conflict
later they came in contact with the cry of devotion of basescu that this later made a
salary proposal and its occupant our state continue the decision this Saturday
7 70% are miguel
is the china salary made by the entrepreneur who offered me
formally arriving in the room
salary was
at the time was brahmeiro sincerely clarke German football standards in
Particularly we have differential
a worker
of the soccer player who is totally different value
now the goal that have passed away and eight thousand reais does not exist
he did not enter
I think the boy of interest rising that always full of loic thousand reais
I did not ask for a salary the stratospheric 40 to 50 months nor 60
thousand
and I asked you to leave you so
now I read that I sang to complete the reasoning camex
and that I remain at home in my own conscience
because I'll go
I devoted myself to eight unique years exclusively the logic could many
many times until 2007 have gone to the sport without a doubt
now the mayor
there they will stay in the afternoon
at home
and had a lot since June
the player is this
bruno carra extra grant by nautical it says
that one day
Then I would like to appreciate the cm you asked for.
vera and the young promise management issue
is the guard was from lugo who speak that I spoke in great hair years
there they just for me
He turned to good people.
because the center of the epidemiological biologist will now arrive the day
this will not be a greater emotional satisfaction
and then I'll call you
and this guy called me
when you got even the illicit vehicle race as that day has come
Truth - but I thank God for my quiet conscience
I like a lot of full fans to talk to me
I explain the situation with a lot of people question
I explain the situation starts today
in the opposite Chilean pole all in the same place
over time it was the same thing there was going to be a value that the break
the nautical inter
so I to earn a high salary the automobile fell earned in 2001
mayor of a lot of fight
I had three titles by nautical I was a top scorer twice the
northeast was champion
I arrived and you from all over the state under suspicion
I talked to Fernando working
will be with great effort and mainly disclosed
of old passing over no one
and looking with my space but
today we agreed, it valued 2 for you to see
player to get there you do not have to do anything to win
40 ยบ more saw
Yesterday the half was a change to the new market as well